chore: Updated the readme file with development instructions (#110)
animo/siera-desktop: README.md

<h1 align="center" ><b>Siera Desktop</b></h1>

<h4 align="center">Powered by &nbsp; 
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://res.cloudinary.com/animo-solutions/image/upload/v1656579715/animo-logo-light-text_cma2yo.svg">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://res.cloudinary.com/animo-solutions/image/upload/v1656579715/animo-logo-dark-text_uccvqa.svg">
    <img alt="Animo Logo" height="12px" />

>   </picture>

Reviewer: This should probably be the siera logo?

---

> **Siera Desktop** is a desktop app that allows you to interact with **AFJ** agent. It is built using Electron and React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Siera Desktop** is a desktop app that allows you to work with decentralized identity through an [Aries Framework JavaScript](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript) agent. It is built using Electron and React.
```

> - **Connections** to manage connections with other agents

Reviewer: It reads a bit weird to say `<something> to do <the same thing>`

Author: Yeah I didn't really know what to place behind it and I really wanted to use the structure from the cli.

Author: @TimoGlastra Do you have a suggestion for this sentence?

- **Credentials** to manage received credentials
- **Proofs** to manage received proof requests
- **Local Agent** to manage a local included agent

If you are looking for more information about the concepts and tutorials on how to use the Desktop app we recommend you check out our [docs](https://docs.siera-desktop.animo.id/).

## Installation

> Check out the [installation guide](https://docs.siera-desktop.animo.id/getting-started/installation) for more information.

Reviewer: This link is broken, I think it should be https://docs.siera-desktop.animo.id/guides/installation

Author: I changed the url to the one you mentioned.
